feature: Add limitation of showing issues on duplicated lines over the same file CY-6032 (#1238)
codacy/docs: docs/faq/code-analysis/does-codacy-place-limits-on-the-code-analysis.md

See <a href="../../troubleshooting/why-arent-duplication-metrics-being-calculated/">Why aren't duplication metrics being calculated?</a>
</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Number of issues per file and per tool</td>
<td>50</td>
<td>
Codacy limits the number of issues returned on each file by individual tools as a safeguard against degradation of performance on large or unexpected use cases. This means that in some situations Codacy could report more issues after a push that includes fixes for the currently reported issues.
</td>
</tr>

> 

Reviewer: The fact that you added this blank line on your pull request gave me the idea of [separating each table row](https://github.com/codacy/docs/pull/1238/commits/3c77b7e49dd3047f998ff9b0ee6f108a8bea5555) to aid the readability of the HTML in the source file. :+1:

<tr>
<td>Number of comments on the Git provider</td>
<td>25</td>
<td>
Codacy limits the number of comments for reporting found issues on pull requests to avoid triggering too many notification emails and to guard against hitting API rate limits.
</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Showing issues on duplicated lines</td>
<td>-</td>
<td>

> For now, Codacy only shows the first code issue when there are issues on duplicated lines over the same file. 

Reviewer: Two minor suggestions:

```suggestion
For now, Codacy only reports the first code issue when there are issues on duplicated lines on the same file. 
```

I think we can say "reports" instead of "shows" to include for example the results that the Codacy API provides, email notifications, status checks, etc.
